New GOES XRS example (#4686)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4686.doc.rst

> Add new example of searching and downloading GOES XRS data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New gallery example of searching and downloading GOES XRS data (with GOES 15, 16 and 17).
```
